Update with nvm + node install (#1392)
vitessio/website: content/en/docs/14.0/get-started/local.md

sudo systemctl disable etcd
```

> ### Install Node 16.13.0+

Reviewer: Do we want to get into the minor version here? In the script we only use 16 and then nvm picks the specific minor/patch release/version. I feel like we should let NVM handle this for us and we only require a specific major version. What do you think? Keeping all of the docs and versions up to date is already a struggle and this feels like another thing that we'd need to explicitly stay on top of. No?

Right now it seems to be installing a new version: 
```
Downloading and installing node v16.19.1...
```

Author: No - good point, let's change that. I just copied what was there originally but that's not accurate

```
curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.39.1/install.sh | bash
```

Ensure the following is in your bashrc/zshrc or similar:
```
export NVM_DIR="$HOME/.nvm"
[ -s "$NVM_DIR/nvm.sh" ] && \. "$NVM_DIR/nvm.sh"  # This loads nvm
[ -s "$NVM_DIR/bash_completion" ] && \. "$NVM_DIR/bash_completion"

> ```

Reviewer: The NVM installer does *try* to do this for the user (it updated my `~/.zshrc` file): https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm/blob/master/install.sh#L415-L426

I'm afraid that this may cause more confusion than clarity for many users.

Author: Hm I see the confusion. I think that line only asks the user to check that their bash file has those lines, not to add it. We can clarify that it's just to check?

Reviewer: ```
`nvm` automatically attempts adds these there:
```

Finally, install [node](https://nodejs.org/):

```
nvm install --lts 16.13.0

> nvm use 16.13.0

Reviewer: Still has the old details.

```

> See the [vtadmin README](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/blob/main/web/vtadmin/README.md) for more details.

Reviewer: Do we want to link to a version specific README? I'm not sure if or how often it changes.

Author: There's a chance the node version might change in the future, so we can pin 14/15/16 to the latest version as of now!

> See the [vtadmin README](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/blob/f928f8a211bf352a4272eed84e76bb064df154c2/web/vtadmin/README.md) for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
See the [vtadmin README](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/blob/release-14.0/web/vtadmin/README.md) for more details.
```
